-Be careful!
-What do you think?
I love it!
I even stuffed a sock down one side.
Wow. You're really covering
all your bases, and then some.
If you could rustle up some people to come
to the club tonight, that'd be amazing.
I need to prove
that I can bring in customers,
especially ones that order drinks.
Lots of drinks.
-
Are you okay?
You look like you just lost a follower.
No, but maybe a friend.
Camille.
I haven't spoken to her since
Gabriel told me he was staying in Paris,
and now I have to go to Savoir
to meet with her
about her family champagne.
What's the problem?
Her boyfriend's staying in Paris.
Yeah… Um, here's the thing.
When I went to say goodbye to Gabriel,
it somehow turned into
the most incredible night of sex
that I have ever had in my entire life!
Emily! Get it, girl!
-No!
-No.
I thought that
I was never gonna see him again.
It's like I came to Paris,
and suddenly I'm Pam Spicer.
Who's Pam Spicer?
Just this girl from Chicago
who'd get really drunk
-and then hit on everyone's boyfriends.
-Oh.
Yeah, it was like
kind of a joke, until it wasn't.
Aren't you planning a romantic weekend
in St Tropez with Mathieu?
After the other night, I'm not so sure.
No, that's the perfect alibi.
Yeah…
Wow.
You're taking the name down already.
Out with the old, in with the new.
What are you gonna call it?
Antoine wants to call it "Chez Lavaux."
I was more thinking about "Chez Gabriel."
Unless you have a better idea.
Gabriel, I'm meeting
with Camille at Savoir today.
-Oh.
-What have you told her?
That I'm staying in Paris,
thanks to Antoine's investment.
And I'm staying in Paris, thanks to a job.
For a year. Then I'm going
back to Chicago, to my real life.
I certainly never meant
to interfere in anyone's relationship.
It's like I violated
the Prime Directive.
The Prime Directive?
It's from Star Trek.
-Oh.
-My dad was a huge Trekkie,
and made me watch
all the original episodes.
The Prime Directive prohibits
any members of the Starfleet
from interfering with the lives
of alien civilizations.
But in this case, you're the alien.
You're not supposed to be in Paris.
And I can't do this to Camille.
You didn't do anything to Camille.
You did do a lot of things to me.
Emily, good morning.
Welcome to Maison Lavaux.
The name is still under discussion.
But it's a good one,
don't you think? And a brand extension.
I'm sure Emily can appreciate that.
I actually don't have
an opinion.
Come to our tasting dinner
tomorrow night.
Maybe you'll have an opinion by then.
Unfortunately, I can't make it.
I will be in St Tropez
with Mathieu Cadault.
Seriously?
Lucky man.
Uh…
Au revoir.
Good morning,
I was thinking of…
Is that for Champère?
Yes. Just a few ideas
I had to the campaign.
Yes, that Luc prepared at my request.
-I thought Champère was my account.
Champagne is a French product.
I thought it'd be better
if Luc handled things.
Maybe that is a good idea. For now.
Maybe I don't even need
to be in the meeting. Um,
why don't I disappear for a few hours?
You can tell her I went home sick.
-Why would we do that?
-What is your malady?
Camille has arrived.
She is asking for you, Emily.
She does not look happy.
Actually, you do look pale.
Camille!
-I'm so happy to see you.
-Ma chérie.
Is everything okay?
Yeah, I just don't know
what to do about Gabriel.
But it's a great thing for you guys.
He's staying in Paris. Yay!
He's not staying for me.
I know something else is behind this.
-Bonjour, Camille.
-Bonjour, Sylvie.
Thank you so much for coming.
And I believe you've met Luc.
Oh, yes, I did, at the gallery. Yeah.
Ah! Nice to see you again.
-Shall we begin?
-Yep.
Sure.
We want to make Champère playful and sexy.
An aperitif that becomes an aphrodisiac.
Spray it, don't say it! Champère.
Also, there is a trendy club in St Tropez
that Sylvie has connections to.
They will also promote the champagne.
L'oranger. Right, Sylvie?
Well, I suppose if it'll help.
Right now, what would really help
is having lunch with you.
Lunch? Yes. To discuss the account.
Uh, Sylvie? Would you like to join?
Please.
I'd love to.
So Gabriel has decided
to stay in Paris,
and it was a very sudden decision,
and I'm not sure how I feel about it.
Are we talking about the chef?
Mmm-hmm.
Yes, Camille's boyfriend.
And after almost five years together,
he decides he wants
to move back home to Normandy
to open his own restaurant.
Normandy? Oh, la, la.
My least favorite place in France.
Damp beaches and apple cider.
I can't imagine you there.
-I mean, even love has limits.
-Exactly.
But now he's staying in Paris.
-And I know why.
-You do?
Mmm-hmm.
It involves a man.
Oh.
So he's gay.
No. I'm talking about
the man who's investing
in Gabriel's restaurant, Antoine Lambert.
Antoine is backing the chef?
Yeah. I mean, when my family
offered him money to follow his dreams,
he refused and decided
to leave Paris and leave me.
And now this stranger comes along,
and he decides he wants to stay.
And that's a good thing.
-No?
-No.
I mean, how can I go back
to a man whose ego is so fragile
that he'd rather move away
than accept my family's support?
Oh, men and their egos.
Yeah, I understand completely.
It's not just about the money.
He's acting weird.
Like, he's staying here,
and he didn't call me
to say what's really going on.
I'm sure he's just busy
with the new restaurant.
No.
There is something else behind this.
I just don't know yet what it is.
Anyway, I'm going to les toilettes.
Does anyone have a euro for la dame pipi?
La dame who?
Uh, the woman who sits outside the loo.
Thanks, honey.
So you're having an affair
with the chef, aren't you?
-No.
-He sent you lingerie. I remember.
That was a misunderstanding.
Yeah, now we know
where he got his good taste from.
Antoine.
This is starting to make sense.
Gabriel is not staying in Paris for me.
Okay? Camille is my friend.
Oh, those are two
totally unrelated statements.
Oh, Emily, you're getting
more French by the day.
I'm not having an affair with Gabriel.
You know, I'm actually going
to St Tropez this weekend with Mathieu.
Oh, I see.
Focus on having sex with a client
to get your mind off
your friend's boyfriend.
Are those the new rules?
Oh, my God.
Garçon!
Waiter,
may I have an ashtray, please?
Guys, can you come see my roommate
and incredibly talented friend
perform in a drag club tonight?
-Oh, I hate drag.
-No, she's really talented.
-She?
-It's complicated.
You're distracting me while I'm preparing
for one of my first presentations.
For Rimowa luggage.
-Can I see?
-You'll hear it in the meeting.
Ah…
I love drag shows.
Let me know, I'll be there.
Great. I'll text you the details.
-Great.
-Okay.
For Rimowa, which is such an iconic brand,
we wanted to create a playful campaign
while showcasing the line's
fresh but classic styling.
Our tagline?
"Keep your baggage to yourself."
Take notes, Emily.
We want to lean into the idea of luggage
as personal and intimate.
And, of course,
Rimowa is built securely enough
to carry your secrets safely.
The things people pack in their
luggage, I'm sure you can imagine…
It's also a metaphor
for our personal baggage…
Yes. We understand.
We were hoping
to do something a little noisier.
Like what you did with Pierre Cadault.
Maybe we can do a collab with Pierre.
Uh, a ringarde piece of luggage.
Something really tacky.
That would be amusing.
What do you think?
A collab with Pierre and Rimowa.
-I think it's a win-win.
-I'll talk to Pierre about it.
Collabs are his thing now, thanks to you.
What do you think about his face
covering a gigantic suitcase?
You certainly know
how to play into his ego, don't you?
By the way,
I booked a night train tomorrow.
We'll have our own couchettes.
Oh!
Like a couchette coucher?
Exactly. You do know a little French.
Well, it's that phrase. Everyone knows it.
Do you want to sleep with me?
Well, if you insist.
See you tomorrow.
Can't wait.
I just spoke to Mathieu.
He's gonna ask Pierre
about the collab with Rimowa.
Fingers crossed.
I didn't ask for your help, Emily.
It's my account.
I know. And you'll get the credit.
I looked at your paperwork.
You left a lot blank.
I need to see your work permit.
Oh… the work permit. I have it at home.
Yeah, right.
Until I see it,
you'll be working for tips.
Outside the toilets.
-Hi, let me grab my coat.
-Hi. Sure.
Oh, my God! Your apartment is so cute.
I've never been here before.
Oh, thank you.
It's a little tight for two people.
I love the location.
Ugh!
I can't even see an omelet pan
without thinking of Gabriel.
He had one just like that.
All French pans look alike.
He actually had his initials on it and--
-We're gonna be late. Come on.
-Oh, sure.
Please give it up
for Claudette Monette.
You know, it's been a while.
When do we get to see Mindy?
I don't know,
but I wanna go to the bathroom.
-I don't want to miss her.
-Wait.
Here is the euro I owe you.
For la dame pipi.
-Thank you.
-You're welcome.
Mindy!
Emily, I told you not to come!
You're la dame pipi?
I… Without papers,
this is the best they could offer me.
Is it worth it?
Well, they promised me a song.
Oh.
I'm also la dame poo-poo.
It comes with the territory.
And now,
straight from the toilettes…
Merde. That's me. Pee fast!
Please welcome and give
a round of applause to our very own
Dame Pipi!
Please show your love
for la dame pipi! Wasn't that amazing?
I'm Mindy,
I'll be in le room pipi all night,
so find me!
-You were incredible!
Oh, careful.
I'm sorry.
Oh, €20. Thank you, bye.
-She's a woman, right?
-Definitely.
Either way, it doesn't matter.
-You go, all right!
Do you have to sit outside
the toilets every night?
As long as they let me sing, I'm good.
By the way, someone tipped me
with a tab of ecstasy.
Or a French Tic Tac, I'm not sure.
-Whoop.
Well, thank you guys for tonight.
I needed this.
The lights are on. He's still there.
Why don't you go talk to him?
If he wants me back,
he's gonna have to work for it.
-Mmm-hmm.
-Hmm.
Okay.
Good evening.
-Goodnight.
-Bye!
Are you sure you know what you're doing?
I do.
Bonjour.
Delivery for Emily Cooper.
-I'll take it, thank you.
-From Rimowa.
Emily!
Oh, my--
After all the support I have shown you.
Now you come in here
and steal the one account I have?
It's still your account.
Then why was the suitcase
delivered to you?
Oh, la, la.
Now you really
do need Mathieu's approval, huh?
No, I think you already have that. No?
That's it. From now,
we are competitors. Not friends.
We are doing
a total renovation.
Much more of a bar scene,
but still refined cuisine.
And we are calling it "Chez Lavaux."
The Costes brothers better watch out.
Excuse me, I'm going to check
with the chef about dinner.
We've got some hungry people out there.
I hope they'll like it.
Tripe?
With apple cider.
It's a local dish from Normandy.
I thought we agreed.
We aren't doing cuisine from Normandy.
It's one dish. An homage to my roots.
No tripe. I beg you.
Wow! That's a statement.
It's ringarde. That's the point.
Ooh. Tacky, got it. Cool. Here.
-Are you okay?
-Yeah! I'm great.
I'm going to have a wonderful,
romantic weekend
with a nice, handsome,
single man who I like a lot.
He's booked us a couchette,
which, by the way,
is a sleeper car with bunk beds, so.
-Don't judge me.
-I'm not judging you.
Okay, good. I'll text you from St Tropez.
Ooh! Sexy!
-Do you need help? Okay.
-No, I got it.
Wow!
All right.
We're good.
Hey.
-Hello.
-Oh!
Hi.
You're never gonna have a problem
finding your luggage at the airport.
I know! It's a lot.
I think Pierre's gonna love it. So tacky.
All right, just here.
Oh, okay.
Hold on, let me help you.
Oh!
I don't think there's room here
for the three of us.
-I'm gonna check this with the porter.
-Thank you.
Top or bottom?
Okay.
Et voilà.
Tripe à la Normandy.
For those that haven't tried it,
you're in for a treat.
Excusez-moi.
Gabriel, that tripe…
Antoine,
with all due respect,
if you can't trust me in the kitchen,
then what am I doing here?
I was just going to say it is delicious.
You were right.
You're a man
who fights for his convictions.
I like that.
Emily, where are you?
I'm on a train.
On the way to St Tropez with Mathieu.
I can't believe
the girl I stayed in Paris for
doesn't want to be with me.
Please stop saying that.
Stop saying that you stayed for me.
Tell me that night wasn't amazing.
You said that you were leaving.
Tell me you didn't feel
everything that I felt.
I can't do this to Camille.
I don't want to hurt Camille either.
But I can't stop thinking about you.
About us.
And I can't stop thinking about you.
Okay? But I have to.
I have to stop thinking about you,
which isn't easy.
I don't think that I've ever
felt things like that with anyone.
Then don't go.
Gabriel, it was a night
that I will never forget, okay?
-But it was a mista--
I have to go.
Emily?
Emily.
Was that the chef?
You slept with him after you agreed
to come with me to St Tropez?
Mathieu, it's really complicated.
Let me make it simple then.
Are you in love with him?
Sorry. I can't do this.
Wait, where are you going?
I won't go to St Tropez with a girl
who's in love with someone else.
The hotel room is yours.
Have fun with your boyfriend.
Ah…
Wait!
No, it's too late.
Uh…
Wait!
Mathieu, he's not my boyfriend!
He's not my boyfriend!